# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
While working on a project we need to have a good understanding of the user needs. We can do this by using the user requirements and with those requirements, we can compare them to our client’s requirements to properly prioritize them based on their importance. The user stories will help a lot with gathering the requirements. The user stories provide insights into what they are wanting for the program, what they feel is missing and may need to be added in. We can also use this as a conversation and get more details from the users when needed. 
When developing a program, the first thing we should be doing is analyzing what is needed for the program. We need to understand what we are trying to accomplish and from there we need to look at the client requirements and what we have that may be limiting us from the budget, timeframe, host platform, and more. When we are getting these requirements, we can start developing the program and creating teams. With this, we can lead onto our understanding of agile development and with it, one of the things I want to take into my future development is the meetings. Having those meetings daily with us getting progress, discussing important points and any updates is amazing. It helps continue to ensure that we have that open communication path and lets the whole team understand where we are and what we are trying to achieve next. 
When we are working on teams we want to try and be good team members. When I look at a good team member it’s someone who is open to communication and accepts feedback. Being able to get feedback and continue to grow from it is an important quality. No one will be perfect in what we are doing, and we will make mistakes, but implementing the feedback and growing helps our team and us. 
